README.md, before:

readme file

#This server uses npm as a package manager: https://www.npmjs.com

#This server uses node.js as a runtime environment for javascript. To install, use npm:
npm install -g node

- Documentation: https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm

This server uses express.js as a web framework for Node.js. To install and use express, use npm: https://www.npmjs.com/package/express
npm install express

- Docuementation: https://expressjs.com

This server uses react as a javascript framework for user interfaces. To install and use vue3, use npm: https://vueframework.com/guide/installation.html#npm
npm install vue

- Documentation:

For vue3 development tools, this server uses vite. To run vite, run the following:
cd <project-name>
npm install
npm run dev

- Documentation: https://github.com/vitejs/vite

#Package Errors:
If errors are encountered due to the packages, try installing or updating the node modules:
npm up
npm i

#To run local copy of server, call:
node index.js

Commit message:

initialise vue for client services

README.md, after:

readme file

## Packages

This project uses npm as a package manager: https://www.npmjs.com
npm 9.8

This project uses node.js as a runtime environment for javascript: https://nodejs.org/en
node v20.5.1

## Git Notes

wip has been used for any commits that are not ready to be merged into the master
or release branch.

## Client-side

the client-side services have been built using vue-cli: https://cli.vuejs.org

This server uses express.js as a web framework for Node.js. To install and use express, use npm: https://www.npmjs.com/package/express
npm install express

- Docuementation: https://expressjs.com

This server uses react as a javascript framework for user interfaces. To install and use vue3, use npm: https://vueframework.com/guide/installation.html#npm
npm install vue

- Documentation:

For vue3 development tools, this server uses vite. To run vite, run the following:
cd <project-name>
npm install
npm run dev

- Documentation: https://github.com/vitejs/vite

#Package Errors:
If errors are encountered due to the packages, try installing or updating the node modules:
npm up
npm i

#To run local copy of server, call:
node index.js
